it takes place on eight weekends of the month
from November to June
on the question more theory there are three
theoretical modules also that we them
ask that they are but development
child's psychological
psychoanalysis and psychopathology
of the adult these are homework by
correspondence so that I corrects
either homework at my office we
have a week to send back the
participating homework come a little bit of
the whole France so that's what
was going great worked
art therapy therefore does not use
body language
we use the theater we use the voice
the song we use the drawing the
painting the modeling writing here
it's about you as the clown
professional one can imagine the
liberal of course we can settle down
in a room and receive any kind of
patients intervene in crèches
we can intervene in associations
we can intervene in schools in
ventilated centers in hospitals
also we can intervene in
retirement homes is very
valuing for the elderly that
works very very well is very
powerful
kaeppelin we will take the example
maybe from a student from last year
to ventriloquist who today is going to do
workshops with his puppet who has
do a great memory precisely
on it the power of the puppet
and who exactly is going in the
institutions in hospitals and who
really develops this so this medium of
the bride
she and her fabulous is fabulous for
children because because that's their
gives confidence in many others
examples of workshops of people who
have created their workshop too which
work with adults
another who is who is in the hospital
also with cancer oncologists
dancers there are sculptors there are some
doubts of people who come from
theater there really is a loan of
people who are educators
specialized nurses
social workers that's really all
to mix and that's what exactly
a wealth of all these mixtures of
all these courses of all these
table experiences I had a career
professional dancer and
professional choreographers with a
professorship diploma of sports educator
and a diploma from teacher to dance
of state so that allowed me to be in
training in development
for a very long time that makes a
psychotherapy training of
psychotherapist to be small side
fast for four years also speaks in
art and quick a meaning expression he says
also trainer of trainers
also